source: https://openai.com/en-GB/policies/service-terms/

Service terms | OpenAI
Select language

Updated: 9 January 2026
Service terms
These Service Terms govern your use of the Services. Capitalized terms not defined here will have the meanings in the Terms of Use, the OpenAI Services Agreement⁠, or other agreement you have with us governing your use of the Services (“Agreement”). If there is a conflict between the Service Terms and your Agreement, the Service Terms will control. For purposes of these Terms, “Content” includes “Customer Content.”
1. API
OpenAI’s indemnification obligations to API customers under the Agreement include any third party claim that Customer’s use or distribution of Output infringes a third party’s intellectual property right. This indemnity does not apply where: (i) Customer or Customer’s End Users knew or should have known the Output was infringing or likely to infringe, (ii) Customer or Customer’s End Users disabled, ignored, or did not use any relevant citation, filtering or safety features or restrictions provided by OpenAI, (iii) Output was modified, transformed, or used in combination with products or services not provided by or on behalf of OpenAI, (iv) Customer or its End Users did not have the right to use the Input or fine-tuning files to generate the allegedly infringing Output, (v) the claim alleges violation of trademark or related rights based on Customer’s or its End Users’ use of Output in trade or commerce, and (vi) the allegedly infringing Output is from content from a Third Party Offering.
Customer will only, and will ensure that its End Users only, use APIs in accordance with the applicable documentation at https://platform.openai.com/docs⁠⁠(opens in a new window).
2. Beta Services
This section governs your use of services or features that OpenAI offers on an alpha, preview, early access, or beta basis (“Beta Services”). Beta Services are offered “as-is” to allow testing and evaluation and are excluded from any indemnification obligations OpenAI may have to you.
OpenAI makes no representations or warranties for Beta Services, including any warranty that Beta Services will be generally available, uninterrupted or error-free, or that Content will be secure or not lost or damaged. Except to the extent prohibited by law, OpenAI expressly disclaims all warranties for Beta Services, including any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising out of any course of dealing or usage of trade.
3. ChatGPT Enterprise, Edu, Healthcare and Business
(a) Administrators. ChatGPT Enterprise, ChatGPT Edu, and ChatGPT for Healthcare (collectively, “Enterprise”) and ChatGPT Business accounts are managed by End Users with administrative privileges (“Administrators”). Administrators may be able to add, remove and suspend End Users’ access to the organization’s workspace. In addition, ChatGPT Enterprise Administrators may be able to (a) access, share and remove Content; and (b) access logging and information about End Users’ use of ChatGPT Enterprise. Customers are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all necessary consents from End Users to take the actions above and to allow OpenAI to deliver the Services.
(b) Output indemnity. OpenAI’s indemnification obligations to Enterprise customers under the Agreement include claims that Customer’s use or distribution of Output infringes a third party’s intellectual property right. This indemnity does not apply where: (i) Customer or Customer’s End Users knew or should have known the Output was infringing or likely to infringe, (ii) Customer or Customer’s End Users disabled, ignored, or did not use any relevant citation, filtering or safety features or restrictions provided by OpenAI, (iii) Output was modified, transformed, or used in combination with products or services not provided by or on behalf of OpenAI, (iv) Customer or its End Users did not have the right to use the Input or fine-tuning files to generate the allegedly infringing Output, (v) the claim alleges violation of trademark or related rights based on Customer’s or its End Users’ use of Output in trade or commerce, and (vi) the allegedly infringing Output is from content from a Third Party Offering.
(c) ChatGPT for Healthcare. (i) You should always verify the information provided by ChatGPT for Healthcare and exercise independent professional judgment in decision-making about a patient without relying primarily or solely on the output. Do not use ChatGPT for Healthcare to analyze medical images or patterns/signals from signal acquisition systems or in vitro diagnostic devices (such as an ECG waveforms or genomic sequences). (ii) Customer’s Business Associate and Healthcare Addendum applies to Customer’s use of ChatGPT for Healthcare.
4. Codex and Code Generation
Output generated by code generation features of our Services, including OpenAI Codex⁠⁠, may be subject to third party licenses, including, without limitation, open source licenses.
5. GPTs
Users can create and share access to their own customized versions of ChatGPT called “GPTs”.
For Builders of GPTs:
(a) GPT Content. The information or content that you upload to or include with your GPT (for example your GPT name, instructions, and description) (“GPT Content”) is your Content. As between you and OpenAI, you are solely responsible for your GPT Content, Actions, and configurations that you use or enable to create your GPT as well as any Output that is based on your GPT Content, Actions, and configurations. You must ensure your GPT complies with the Agreement and our Usage Policies⁠⁠.
(b) Distribution and Promotion of GPTs. By sharing your GPT with others, you grant a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license: (i) to OpenAI to use, test, store, copy, translate, display, modify, distribute, promote, and otherwise make available to other users all or any part of your GPT (including GPT Content); and (ii) to the extent Output from your GPT includes your GPT Content, to users of your GPT to use, store, copy, display, distribute, prepare derivative works of and otherwise use your GPT Content. You will ensure that all information that you publish about your GPT is, at all times, complete, accurate, and not misleading.
(c) Actions. Any API, website, or service that interacts with a GPT (an “Action”) is subject to our App Developer Terms⁠ and you are responsible for ensuring that any Action included with your GPT operates in compliance with those terms.
(d) Removal. We may reject or remove any GPT from our Services at any time for any reason without notice to you, such as for legal or security reasons or if your GPT violates our Terms.
For Users of GPTs:
(a) Third Party GPTs. Except where OpenAI is identified as the builder of a GPT, GPTs are created by other users and they may rely on content or third party applications that are not controlled by OpenAI. Use of “GPT” in the name of a GPT created by other users does not imply that OpenAI created, supports or endorses the GPT. Only use GPTs that you know and trust.
(b) Abuse Reporting. You can report GPTs that violate our Usage Policies⁠⁠ using our reporting feature within ChatGPT.
(c) Actions. GPTs may allow you to interact with Actions. Those Actions are subject to our terms for Apps and Actions below.
(d) Changes and Removal. OpenAI and creators of GPTs can remove GPTs at any time for any reason without prior notice.
6. Image and Video Capabilities
Our models can accept images and videos as part of Inputs to the Services (“Visual Capabilities”). You may not use Visual Capabilities to assist in identifying a person nor to solicit or infer private or sensitive information about a person. You may not use Visual Capabilities to reproduce the likeness of any person without express consent and all necessary rights. By choosing to share an image or video publicly on the Services, such as by sharing it to the Sora feed or uploading it to create a Sora cameo, you represent you have all necessary rights, and you give OpenAI the right to reproduce, distribute, modify, display and perform it for the purpose of operating and promoting the Services. You also agree to give users the limited right to reproduce and remix that content solely on the Services. Uploading a cameo or sharing an image or video does not give other users any rights to use those materials outside of the Services.
7. Apps and Actions
(a) Overview. Apps and Actions (together “Apps”) allow ChatGPT to send and receive information from a third-party application or website (“Application”). You may take action on an Application through one or more Apps (for example, to request a reservation on a restaurant’s website). You are solely responsible for the actions you take using Apps or adding custom Apps, and you can control whether an App is enabled in your workspace. Any custom App is subject to our App Developer Terms⁠ and you are responsible for ensuring that your App and its connected Application operate in compliance with those terms. OpenAI may (but will have no obligation to) review, refuse, or remove Applications from ChatGPT. Third-party Apps are not developed or verified by OpenAI, and may expose you to Applications or content that you may find offensive, inappropriate or objectionable. You agree that you use Apps at your own risk. DO NOT ADD OR ENABLE AN APP UNLESS YOU KNOW AND TRUST THE UNDERLYING APPLICATION AND HAVE REVIEWED ITS TERMS AND PRIVACY POLICY.
(b) App Operation and Content. When you add or enable an App, the Services may send applicable portions of your Content and certain information such as your country and state (“App Data”) via the App to the Application. By using or enabling the App, you authorize and instruct us to send your App Data to the applicable Application, which will be handled in accordance with its terms. We are not responsible for App Data after it has been provided to an Application other than Applications owned by us. The App may retrieve information and content from the Application, which may be included in Output you receive from the Services. This information and content included in the Output is not owned by you or OpenAI, and may be subject to the terms of the Application.
8. Voice Conversations
Voice conversations is a ChatGPT feature that allows you to speak to our models and have them speak back (“ChatGPT Voice Output”). ChatGPT Voice Output is for non-commercial use only and may not be distributed or repackaged as a standalone audio recording or any other sound file. Any rights in Output assigned to you do not include ChatGPT Voice Output.
9. Medical Use
Our Services are not intended for use in the diagnosis or treatment of any health condition. You are responsible for complying with applicable laws for any use of our Services in a medical or healthcare context.
Our research
Index
Overview
Research Residency
OpenAI for Science
Latest advancements
GPT-5
Codex
OpenAI o3
OpenAI o4-mini
GPT-4
GPT-4o mini
Sora
Safety
Safety overview
Teams
Trust & Transparency
ChatGPT
For Everyone(opens in a new window)
For Teams
For Enterprises
Education
ChatGPT login(opens in a new window)
Download(opens in a new window)
Sora
Sora Overview
Features
Pricing
Sora log in(opens in a new window)
API
Platform overview
Pricing
API login(opens in a new window)
Documentation(opens in a new window)
Developer Forum(opens in a new window)
For Business
Business Overview
Solutions
Contact Sales
Company
About us
Our Charter
Foundation
Careers
Brand
Support
Help Center(opens in a new window)
Explore more
News
Stories
Livestreams
Podcast
RSS
Terms & policies
Terms of Use
Privacy policy
Other policies
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
OpenAI © 2015–2026
Manage Cookies

