Source: https://support.google.com/notebooklm/answer/16164461

Learn about NotebookLM
NotebookLM is an AI-powered research assistant designed to help you refine and organize your ideas. With NotebookLM, you can:

Easily upload PDFs, websites, YouTube videos, audio files, Google Docs, or Google Slides or discover new sources.
Experience Gemini's advanced reasoning and interaction capabilities across different ways of communication like text, graphs, images, audio, and in many languages.
Chat with your notebook to get grounded information based on your sources with clear in-line citations for accuracy, transparency, and trust.
Transform your sources into approachable formats such as study guides, briefings, audio overviews, mind maps, and more.
Availability
NotebookLM currently supports 80+ languages.
NotebookLM is available in browser to all users above the age of consent (or applicable in your country) in the 180+ regions where the Gemini app is available. Learn more about supported countries & territories for the NotebookLM mobile app.
NotebookLM has stricter content policies that help prevent potentially inappropriate or harmful responses for users under 18. Certain features may only be available to users over 18. 
Make sure you verify your age in your Google Account before accessing NotebookLM. To verify age, visit Access age-restricted content and features.
Most users with a business or school Google Account have access to NotebookLM. For Workspace for Education users, NotebookLM is available to users of all ages. Learn more about using NotebookLM with a school or work account.
Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad
What you need
A personal Google Account you manage or a work or school Google Account.
If you use a school or work-managed account, your organization’s admin needs to turn on access to NotebookLM.
You must be signed-in to your Google Account.
Learn why NotebookLM is unable to answer your questions
There are a few reasons why NotebookLM may not be able to answer your question:

Safety flags: The content of your source contains language that triggers a safety flag. This can occur with sensitive topics like violence, sexuality, or obscenity, even in historical contexts.
Unclear phrasing: When your notebook contains many sources, NotebookLM retrieves the most relevant information based on your question first, then builds a response with this information. Try to rephrase your question to be clearer or more specific. A more specific question helps NotebookLM locate the most relevant pieces of information.
Information not in sources: NotebookLM is designed to answer questions based on the information provided in your uploaded sources.
Learn how NotebookLM protects your data
For users accessing NotebookLM through your work accounts with a qualified Workspace edition, the Google Workspace Terms of Service apply. For users accessing NotebookLM through your Workspace for Education accounts, the Google Workspace for Education Terms of Service apply. For other users accessing NotebookLM, the Google Terms of Service apply to your use of NotebookLM. The below notice and our Privacy Policy describe how Google handles your data when you interact with NotebookLM.

Your data is protected, and is not used to train NotebookLM unless you provide feedback.  When you share feedback to help us improve, we may review the full context of that interaction, including your queries, uploads, and the model’s responses.   

To ensure safety and reliability, we may process your data to prevent fraud, abuse, and technical issues.  NotebookLM can make mistakes and its answers don’t reflect Google’s views.  Always consult a qualified professional for medical, legal, or financial advice.  

As a Google Workspace or Google Workspace for Education user, your uploads, queries and the model's responses in NotebookLM will not be reviewed by human reviewers, and will not be used to train AI models.

Copyright
Respect copyright laws. Do not share copyrighted content without the necessary rights to do so. It’s our policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. Repeated infringement of intellectual property rights, including copyright, will result in account termination.

Some of our services, including NotebookLM, allow you to generate original content. Google won't claim ownership over that content. If you see a violation of Google's copyright policies, report copyright infringement.